
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.096025                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 96024857500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                96024857500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 518787                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   674573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              996328141                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 844792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    96.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      65014465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           72352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data          232576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             304928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        72352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         72352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             2261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data             7268                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                9529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst             753472                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data            2422040                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               3175511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst        753472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           753472                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst            753472                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data           2422040                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              3175511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        9529                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      9529                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 609856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  304928                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   93396101500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                  9529                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    9215                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         2692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    226.543834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   149.896867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   268.458631                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          684     25.41%     25.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1440     53.49%     78.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383          150      5.57%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           82      3.05%     87.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           49      1.82%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           37      1.37%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           25      0.93%     91.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           28      1.04%     92.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          197      7.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         2692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     73642500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               252311250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   47645000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7728.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26478.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         6.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      3.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     6837                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 71.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    9801248.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    71.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                  9215640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                  5028375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                30505800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           6271561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy           4406110830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy          53747159250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            64469581815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            671.416298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  89399566500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF    3206320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    3414408500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 11135880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  6076125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                43820400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           6271561920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy           4674429495                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy          53511792000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            64518815820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            671.929044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  89006964750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF    3206320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    3807010250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 2859327                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           2859327                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            273192                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2055348                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 2033332                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             98.928843                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             1.071157                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                   82194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                827                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                   34                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                        192049715                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    50000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      65014465                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              62933457                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2948954                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      164791                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      2606507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     62933457                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2948954                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           147292995                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           57136355                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2505840                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2527243                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             19215973                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            26132447                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      25502514                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                    21863457                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3639057                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  192049715                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           2859327                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                  2115526                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                       273192                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.numBranchMispreadPercent          9.554416                       # Number of Branch Mispread Percent
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                195747      0.30%      0.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  36732834     56.50%     56.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    70748      0.11%     56.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                    629626      0.97%     57.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                 1882996      2.90%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     60.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                 21863457     33.63%     94.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 3639057      5.60%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   65014465                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24034                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4009.844534                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            25475997                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             28130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            905.652222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        8600887500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4009.844534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.978966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.978966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3343                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         102044638                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        102044638                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     21855459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21855459                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      3618909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        3618909                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data         1629                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          1629                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      25474368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         25474368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     25475997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        25475997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         6563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          6563                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data        20250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        20250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data         1317                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         1317                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data        26813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          26813                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data        28130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         28130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    160548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    647555500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    647555500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data    808103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    808103500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    808103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    808103500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     21862022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21862022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      3639159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3639159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data         2946                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         2946                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     25501181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     25501181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     25504127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     25504127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447047                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.447047                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 24462.593326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24462.593326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 31978.049383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31978.049383                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30138.496252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30138.496252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 28727.461785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28727.461785                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          430                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          430                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        22770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             22770                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         6563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        20250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1317                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1317                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        26813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data        28130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    153985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    153985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    627305500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    627305500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     38740000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38740000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    781290500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    781290500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    820030500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    820030500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.005564                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.447047                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447047                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001051                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 23462.593326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23462.593326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 30978.049383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30978.049383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29415.337889                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29415.337889                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29138.496252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29138.496252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29151.457519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29151.457519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               475                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1805.565865                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            69565580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          30364.722828                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1805.565865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.881624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.881624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1816                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1812                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.886719                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         278273775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        278273775                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     69565580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        69565580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      69565580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         69565580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     69565580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        69565580                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2291                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2291                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2291                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174468500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174468500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    174468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174468500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     69567871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     69567871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     69567871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     69567871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     69567871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     69567871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76153.862942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.862942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76153.862942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.862942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 76153.862942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76153.862942                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172177500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    172177500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    172177500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    172177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    172177500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75153.862942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75153.862942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75153.862942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75153.862942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 75153.862942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75153.862942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                         0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5786.340269                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       13962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.339869                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2426.178876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       2233.576450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1126.584944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.037021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.034082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.017190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.088293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5967                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4720                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.091049                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    136077                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   136077                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks        22770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            22770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          475                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              475                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data              14462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 14462                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst              30                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 30                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           6400                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              6400                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                    30                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                 20862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    20892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                   30                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                20862                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   20892                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data             5788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                5788                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          2261                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             2261                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                2261                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data                7268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   9529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               2261                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data               7268                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  9529                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    445079500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     445079500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    168426000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    168426000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data    113705000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    113705000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     168426000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data     558784500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        727210500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    168426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data    558784500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       727210500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks        22770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          475                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          475                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data          20250                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             20250                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         2291                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           2291                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         7880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          7880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              2291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data             28130                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                30421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             2291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data            28130                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               30421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.285827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.285827                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.986905                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.187817                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.986905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.258372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.313238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.986905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.258372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.313238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76896.941949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76896.941949                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74491.817780                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74491.817780                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76827.702703                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76827.702703                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74491.817780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76882.842598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76315.510547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 74491.817780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 76882.842598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76315.510547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         5788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           5788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         2261                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         2261                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         1480                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           2261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data           7268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              9529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          2261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data          7268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             9529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    387199500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387199500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    145816000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145816000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     98905000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98905000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    145816000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    486104500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    631920500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    145816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    486104500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    631920500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.285827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.285827                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.187817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.187817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.313238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.986905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.258372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.313238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66896.941949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66896.941949                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64491.817780                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64491.817780                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66827.702703                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66827.702703                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64491.817780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66882.842598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66315.510547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 64491.817780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 66882.842598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66315.510547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             5788                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          3741                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        19058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        19058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       304928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       304928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  304928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              9529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    9529    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                9529                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9643000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           31686750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        54930                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        24509                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             10171                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        22770                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          475                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1264                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            20250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           20250                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          2291                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         7880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5057                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        80294                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 85351                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        88512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1628800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                1717312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            30421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  30421    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              30421                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy           39087500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2291000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          28130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
