
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.644989                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                644989315500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644989315500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 313406                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   601621                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4042863754                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 852956                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   159.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      95981252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           51456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       414840192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          414891648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         51456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    406434880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       406434880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst              804                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data          6481878                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             6482682                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       6350545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            6350545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              79778                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          643173743                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             643253521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         79778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            79778                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       630142035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            630142035                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       630142035                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             79778                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         643173743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1273395556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     6482682                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    6350545                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   6482682                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  6350545                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              414891648                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               406432960                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               414891648                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            406434880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          352                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            405123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            405057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            405046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            405055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            405157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            405099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            404911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            405011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            405005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            405137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           405258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           405381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           405354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           405372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           405357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           405359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            396800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            396812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            396828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            396765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            396844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            396797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            396680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            396720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            396786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            396879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           397002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           397155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           397129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           397118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           397123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           397077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  644989289500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               6482682                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              6350545                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6482681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 395089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 396735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 396734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 396736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 396736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 396733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 396730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 396734                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 399280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 396731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 396733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 396731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 396730                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 396731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 396729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 396729                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       969598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    847.076467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   738.602387                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   298.294552                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32154      3.32%      3.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        38268      3.95%      7.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        47765      4.93%     12.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        42536      4.39%     16.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        35401      3.65%     20.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        52070      5.37%     25.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        33052      3.41%     29.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        43525      4.49%     33.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       644827     66.50%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       969598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       396729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.340295                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.010623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    129.211883                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095       396726    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16384-20479            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32768-36863            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::69632-73727            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        396729                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       396729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007186                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.006590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.146413                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           395774     99.76%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      0.00%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              941      0.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        396729                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  66963454000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            188513741500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                32413410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     10329.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29079.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       643.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       630.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    643.25                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    630.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         9.95                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    4.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  5955142                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5908456                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                93.04                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      50259.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               3665088000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               1999800000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             25275463200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            20569114080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          42127076160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         228432114720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         186610182750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           508678838910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            788.671309                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 305669494250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   21537360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  317781062750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               3665012400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               1999758750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             25288863600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            20581808400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          42127076160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         228696194295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         186378591750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           508737305355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            788.761840                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 305277104750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   21537360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  318173762250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 6543945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           6543945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              3470                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6535561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6527013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.869208                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             0.130792                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    3769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  108                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       1289978631                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      95981252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              95975786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               51833399                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        7602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6532565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     95975786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      51833399                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           219093281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           37404609                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             51836935                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                4221                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             34496136                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            29304313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      53378426                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1350125                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   52028301                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 1289978631                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           6543945                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                  6530782                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                         3470                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.numBranchMispreadPercent          0.053026                       # Number of Branch Mispread Percent
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1614      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  42596796     44.38%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      725      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3670      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1350125      1.41%     45.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                52028301     54.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   95981252                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6482860                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1022.728270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            46894548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6483884                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              7.232478                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7173970500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  1022.728270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.998758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          59862316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         59862316                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1348763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1348763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     45545785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       45545785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      46894548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         46894548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     46894548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        46894548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          1366                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data      6482518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6482518                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      6483884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        6483884                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      6483884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       6483884                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     42287500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     42287500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 527216493000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 527216493000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 527258780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 527258780500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 527258780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 527258780500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1350129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1350129                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     52028303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52028303                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     53378432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53378432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     53378432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53378432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.124596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.124596                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 30957.174231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30957.174231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81328.967077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81328.967077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81318.354940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 81318.354940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 81318.354940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 81318.354940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      6481658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           6481658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6482518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      6482518                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6483884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6483884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6483884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6483884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     40921500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40921500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 520733975000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 520733975000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 520774896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 520774896500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 520774896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 520774896500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.124596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.124596                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.121470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 29957.174231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29957.174231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80328.967077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80328.967077                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80318.354940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80318.354940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 80318.354940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80318.354940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           482.602559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            70767549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          71772.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   482.602559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.235646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.235646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.348145                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          70769521                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         70769521                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     70767549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        70767549                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      70767549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         70767549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     70767549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        70767549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68542000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68542000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     68542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68542000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69515.212982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69515.212982                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69515.212982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69515.212982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69515.212982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69515.212982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               273                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          986                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67556000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67556000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     67556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67556000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68515.212982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68515.212982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68515.212982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68515.212982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68515.212982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68515.212982                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                   6351676                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 127343.535921                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        3760                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   6481724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.000580                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    127318.653611                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         18.468268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          6.414042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.971364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.971554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        130048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          916                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         9138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        91355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        28536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  38900246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 38900246                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      6481658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total          6481658                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              273                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   978                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                182                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data           1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total              1028                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                  2006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     2188                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  182                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                 2006                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    2188                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data          6481540                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             6481540                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst           804                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              804                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             338                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                 804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data             6481878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                6482682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst                804                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data            6481878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               6482682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 510999927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  510999927000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64158500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     64158500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     28075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     28075500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst      64158500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  511028002500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     511092161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst     64158500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 511028002500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    511092161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      6481658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      6481658                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          273                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data        6482518                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           6482518                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst          986                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            986                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data         1366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total          1366                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst               986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data           6483884                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              6484870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst              986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data          6483884                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             6484870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999849                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.815416                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.815416                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.247438                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.815416                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.999691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.815416                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.999691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78839.276931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78839.276931                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79799.129353                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79799.129353                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 83063.609467                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83063.609467                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79799.129353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78839.497211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78839.616227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 79799.129353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78839.497211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78839.616227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              6350545                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   6350545                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data      6481540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        6481540                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          804                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          804                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          338                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst            804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data        6481878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           6482682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       6481878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          6482682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 446184527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 446184527000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56118500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56118500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     24695500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24695500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 446209222500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 446265341000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     56118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 446209222500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 446265341000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.815416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.815416                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.247438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.815416                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.815416                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68839.276931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68839.276931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69799.129353                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69799.129353                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 73063.609467                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73063.609467                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69799.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68839.497211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68839.616227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 69799.129353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 68839.497211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68839.616227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      6350545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              352                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           6481540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          6481540                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1142                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19316261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     19316261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19316261                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    821326528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    821326528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               821326528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          12833579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                12833579    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            12833579                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         38235769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        34099027750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              5.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     12968003                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      6483133                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            1                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            779                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          779                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2352                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12832203                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          273                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2332                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          6482518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         6482518                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           986                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2245                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19450627                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              19452872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        80576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    829794688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              829875264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                         6351676                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         12836546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000061                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007795                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               12835766     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    780      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           12836546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12965932500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9725826000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
