
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.125924                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1125924033500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1125924033500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 179278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   344146                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             4037065344                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 849884                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   278.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    50000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      95981252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.inst           45088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::cpu.data       414822112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          414867200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst        45088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         45088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    410615584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       410615584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.inst             1409                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::cpu.data         12963191                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            12964600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      12831737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           12831737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.inst              40045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::cpu.data          368428153                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             368468198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst         40045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            40045                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       364692086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            364692086                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       364692086                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.inst             40045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::cpu.data         368428153                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            733160284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    12964600                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   12831737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  12964600                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 12831737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM              829734400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               410694592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys               414867200                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys            410615584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts               6414616                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          715                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0            810209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1            810105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2            810077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3            810053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4            810222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5            810157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6            809782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7            809968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8            809965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9            810191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10           810421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11           810714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12           810668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13           810708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14           810676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15           810684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0            400951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1            400942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2            400964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3            400950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4            401085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5            400953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6            400828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7            400911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8            400942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9            401041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10           401203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11           401300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12           401258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13           401260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14           401271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15           401244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1125924015500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5              12964600                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5             12831737                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                12964599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 401060                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                 401068                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                 401072                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                 401069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                 401067                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1438082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    862.557456                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   763.220651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   286.435447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44391      3.09%      3.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        43124      3.00%      6.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        72510      5.04%     11.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        61944      4.31%     15.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639        55295      3.85%     19.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767        69517      4.83%     24.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895        41077      2.86%     26.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023        52761      3.67%     30.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151       997463     69.36%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1438082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples       401067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      32.325265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     32.001438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    136.557076                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-4095       401064    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-8191            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36864-40959            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::73728-77823            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total        401067                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples       401067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.000077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000073                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.012332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16           401051    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17                1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               15      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total        401067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  94069334000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            337155584000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                64823000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7255.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26005.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       736.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       364.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    368.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    364.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         8.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     5.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    2.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 11981937                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 5961683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                92.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      43646.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    92.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy               5438800080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy               2967599250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy             50548391400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy            20785144320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          73539810240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         391767781860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         331897944000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           876945471150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            778.867960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 543772082750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   37597040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  544554046000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy               5433092280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy               2964484875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy             50575410600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy            20797579440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          73539810240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         391920194160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         331764249000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           876994820595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            778.911790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 543551949000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   37597040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  544774862250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 6543945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           6543945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect              3470                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              6535561                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 6527013                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.869208                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBMissPct             0.130792                       # BTB Miss Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                    3769                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect                227                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  108                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu.numCycles                       2251848067                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                    50000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      95981252                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              95975786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses               51833399                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        7602                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      6532565                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     95975786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                      51833399                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads           219093281                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           37404609                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads             51836935                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                4221                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads             34496136                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes            29304313                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                      53378426                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1350125                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                   52028301                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                 2251848067                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                           6543945                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.predictedBranches                  6530782                       # Number of branches predicted as taken
system.cpu.BranchMispred                         3470                       # Number of branch mispredictions
system.cpu.numBranchMispreadPercent          0.053026                       # Number of Branch Mispread Percent
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1614      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  42596796     44.38%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      725      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     44.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3670      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     44.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1350125      1.41%     45.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                52028301     54.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   95981252                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          12959550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          4085.983342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            40414809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          12963646                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.117550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        7907131500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data  4085.983342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.997555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2940                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          66342101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         66342101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data      1349413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         1349413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data     39065396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       39065396                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      40414809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         40414809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     40414809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        40414809                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data          729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data     12962917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     12962917                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data     12963646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12963646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data     12963646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12963646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     44284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44284500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 1014581219000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1014581219000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data 1014625503500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1014625503500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 1014625503500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1014625503500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data      1350142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1350142                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data     52028313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     52028313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     53378455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     53378455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     53378455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     53378455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.249151                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.242863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.242863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.242863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.242863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 60746.913580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60746.913580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78267.971553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78267.971553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78266.986271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78266.986271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 78266.986271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78266.986271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     12958935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          12958935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12962917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     12962917                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12963646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     12963646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12963646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     12963646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     43555500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43555500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1001618302000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001618302000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1001661857500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001661857500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 1001661857500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1001661857500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.000540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.249151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249151                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.242863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.242863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.242863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 59746.913580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59746.913580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77267.971553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77267.971553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77266.986271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77266.986271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 77266.986271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77266.986271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements               620                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           744.075758                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            70766839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          41725.730542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   744.075758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.363318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.363318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1076                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.525391                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          70770231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         70770231                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst     70766839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        70766839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst      70766839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         70766839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst     70766839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        70766839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1696                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116987000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116987000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    116987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116987000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst     70768535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     70768535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68978.183962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68978.183962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68978.183962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68978.183962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 68978.183962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68978.183962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks          620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               620                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1696                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115291000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115291000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst    115291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115291000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67978.183962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67978.183962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67978.183962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67978.183962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67978.183962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67978.183962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                  12833775                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 125508.487560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        1844                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  12960751                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.000142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    125488.069600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         15.716068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          4.701893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.957398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.957554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        126976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1042                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10427                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3       104307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        11086                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  77774692                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 77774692                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks     12958935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total         12958935                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              620                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data                209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst             287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                287                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data            246                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total               246                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.inst                   287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::cpu.data                   455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                      742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.inst                  287                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::cpu.data                  455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                     742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data         12962708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            12962708                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst          1409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1409                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data          483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             483                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.inst                1409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::cpu.data            12963191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               12964600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.inst               1409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::cpu.data           12963191                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              12964600                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data 982171732000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  982171732000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst    109733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    109733500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     39878500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     39878500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst     109733500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  982211610500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     982321344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst    109733500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data 982211610500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    982321344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks     12958935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total     12958935                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          620                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       12962917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          12962917                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst         1696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1696                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data          729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total           729                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.inst              1696                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::cpu.data          12963646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             12965342                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.inst             1696                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::cpu.data         12963646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            12965342                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data      0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999984                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.830778                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.830778                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.662551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.662551                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst         0.830778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data         0.999965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.999943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst        0.830778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data        0.999965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.999943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75769.023880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75769.023880                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77880.411639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77880.411639                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 82564.182195                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82564.182195                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77880.411639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75769.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75769.506502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 77880.411639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 75769.277063                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75769.506502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             12831737                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  12831737                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data     12962708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       12962708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst         1409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1409                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data          483                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          483                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst           1409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       12963191                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          12964600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst          1409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      12963191                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         12964600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 852544652000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 852544652000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95643500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95643500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data     35048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     35048500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95643500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 852579700500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 852675344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst     95643500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 852579700500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 852675344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999984                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.830778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.830778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.662551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662551                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.830778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.830778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.999965                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999943                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65769.023880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65769.023880                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67880.411639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67880.411639                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 72564.182195                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72564.182195                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67880.411639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65769.277063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65769.506502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 67880.411639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65769.277063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65769.506502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     12831737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict              715                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          12962708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         12962708                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     38761652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total     38761652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               38761652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    825482784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total    825482784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               825482784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples          25797052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                25797052    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total            25797052                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy         51460528500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        42311806000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests     25925512                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests     12960170                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1323                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1323                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              2425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty     25790672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          620                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2653                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         12962917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        12962917                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1696                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         4012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     38886842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              38890854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        74112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    829522592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              829596704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                        12833775                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples         25799117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000051                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.007161                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0               25797794     99.99%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   1323      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total           25799117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        19442533500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1696000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       12963646000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
